website/docs: edit docs about how to add user/service account (#22228)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/install-config/first-steps/index.mdx

Now that you can access the authentik Admin interface, and you have added an application and provider, let's add a new user.

### 1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
    **A.** Navigate to **Directory > Users**, and click **New User**.

    **B.** Fill in the **_required_** fields:

> - In the **User folders** area, select the folder where you want to create a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I wouldn't mention this because it's easily set via the path setting in the user creation process.

Author: Because it is a tutorial I want to be a little more hand-holdy, and have the reader see that option early on.

- Click **New User**, and then select **Internal User**.
- Fill in the following fields:

>     - **Username**: This value must be unique across your user folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Username**: This value must be unique for each user.
```

Author: The wording is better, easier to read... but it loses the detailed point that the uniqueness is across all folders. I'll tweak to keep both.

Reviewer: From my POV "All users" is inclusive of all folders.

I guess it could be: "This value must be unique across all users"

    - **Display Name** (_optional_): The display name of the user.
    - **Email** (_optional_): The email address of the user. Email addresses are used in [email stages](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/email/index.md) and, if configured, to receive [notifications](../../sys-mgmt/events/notifications.md).
    - **Active** (_optional_): Define if the newly created user account is active. Selected by default.
    - **Path**: The path where the user will be created. By default the new user is created in the `users` directory, but you can change that later by editing the user.
        - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are basically directories that are used to organize your users (for example HR vs Sales, etc.). Paths do not impact access; they are purely organizational. Note that the top-level **users** directory displays all users in that directory and all sub-directories.

>     - **Attributes**: [Custom attributes](../../users-sources/user/user_ref.mdx) definition for the user, in YAML or JSON format. These attributes can be used to enforce additional prompts on authentication stages or define conditions to enforce specific policies if the current implementation does not fit your use case. The value is an empty dictionary by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Attributes**: [Custom attributes](../../users-sources/user/user_ref.mdx) for the user, in YAML or JSON format. These attributes can be used to enforce additional prompts on authentication stages or define conditions to enforce specific policies if the current implementation does not fit your use case. The value is an empty dictionary by default.
```

    **B.** Fill in the **_required_** fields:

- In the **User folders** area, select the folder where you want to create a user.
- Click **New User**, and then select **Internal User**.
- Fill in the following fields:
    - **Username**: This value must be unique across all users.

>     - **Display Name** (_optional_): The display name of the user.

Reviewer 2: same as other file

    - **Email** (_optional_): The email address of the user. Email addresses are used in [email stages](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/email/index.md), as an alternative method to log in, by services to request an email address, and if configured, to receive [notifications](../../sys-mgmt/events/notifications.md).
    - **Active** (_optional_): Define if the newly created user account is active. Selected by default.
    - **Path**: The path where the user will be created. By default the new user is created in the `users` directory, but you can change that later by editing the user.

>         - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are directories that are used to organize your users (for example HR vs Sales, etc.). Paths do not impact access; they are purel organizational. Note that the top-level **users** directory displays all users in that directory and all sub-directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are directories that are used to organize your users (for example HR, Sales, etc.). Paths do not impact access; they are purely organizational. Note that the top-level `users` folder displays all users in that folder and all sub-folders.
```

If it's purely organizational (oh also typo fix), we shouldn't consider it to be a directory since that implies a sort of difference or separation, when in reality it's purely cosmetic. For example, Active Directory or LDAP has its own user database, a directory, which is synced into authentik, but is quite distinct and offers more separation and difference than cosmetic folders

Author: right but here we are talking about the paths in our structure. thanks for typo catch.

>     - **Attributes**: [Custom attributes](../../users-sources/user/user_ref.mdx) for the user, in YAML or JSON format. These attributes can be used to enforce additional prompts on authentication stages or define conditions to enforce specific policies if the current implementation does not fit your use case. The value is an empty dictionary by default.

Reviewer 2: yea we need to link docs for your These attributes […] sentence, cause it's way more complicated than one might guess. Sure, you can set a custom attribute, but then as you said policies and more are involved. So, i'd say this warrants more clarification due to the complexity, (oh also u can force user locale and more, so might ad well include that example as it might be more pertinent for first steps)

Author: Using custom attributes is a whole 'nother topic, yes worthy of a separate tutorial. But they are not required for getting the user successfully through this specific tutorial.

    **B.** Fill in the **_required_** fields:

- In the **User folders** area, select the folder where you want to create a user.
- Click **New User**, and then select **Internal User**.
- Fill in the following fields:
    - **Username**: This value must be unique across your user folders.
    - **Display Name** (_optional_): The display name of the user.

>     - **Email** (_optional_): The email address of the user. Email addresses are used in [email stages](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/email/index.md) and, if configured, to receive [notifications](../../sys-mgmt/events/notifications.md).

Reviewer 2: and also when a service requests the user email, as another method to log in (using email instead of username), and more. I'd remove "email addresses are used in […]" and all the rest

Author: This is a tutorial, so we want as much info as possible... I'll add mention of the alternative method to log in, and when services request an email.

Reviewer: It could be a link to the email documentation which mentions most of this. It would keep it short while also providing a good source for more information:

"The email address of the user. See our [email documentation](link) for more information."

Author: Good idea to add the link, thanks. In a tutorial, no need to keep it short...

    - **Active** (_optional_): Define if the newly created user account is active. Selected by default.
    - **Path**: The path where the user will be created. By default the new user is created in the `users` directory, but you can change that later by editing the user.

>         - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are basically directories that are used to

Reviewer 2: any reason why 182,183,184,185 are on different lines instead of letting the browser wrap lines automatically?

Author: wacky copy/paste maybe...

Author: wacky copy/paste maybe...it's fixed now

>         - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are basically directories that are used to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - <strong className="tip">TIP</strong>: Paths are directories that are used to
```

          users (for example HR vs Sales, etc.). Paths do not impact access; they are purely

>           organizational. Note that the top-level **users** directory displays all users in that

Reviewer: Since we're using the term directories here, we should use it throughout instead of "folder"

Author: Sure, agree, I'll do a search for "folder"... within these docs of this PR for now.

Author: Well acccch.. the UI says "User folders".... I'll change the term to "folders" (which I detest because it makes me think of bad 1990s software) in these three files, then we can figure out anything else after this release.
